intro section improvements (#7)
saihaj/graphql-ts-node-advanced-tutorial: docs/0-intro.md

# Introduction

> In previous tutorial we built a GraphQL server for HackerNews clone API with Node.js, Fastify, TypeScript, GraphQL-Helix and Prisma 3. We added authentication, filtering, pagination and subscriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous tutorial, you built a HackerNews GraphQL API with Node.js, Fastify, TypeScript, GraphQL Helix, and Prisma 3. You added common server features such as authentication, pagination, and real-time subscriptions.

In this tutorial, you will revisit and improve the API built with various tools from the GraphQL TypeScript eco-system and learn how they can improve your developer experience, empowering you to iterate safer and quicker, while also making the ready API for production.
```

### What to expect?

> In this tutorial we will explore tools in the GraphQL JavaScript/TypeScript ecosystem that make it easy to build a GraphQL server for real-world applications. We will extend the implementation from previous tutorial and use the following technologies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By the end of the tutorial, you will have a deep understanding of the life cycle of a GraphQL request. You will have an overview of various popular open-source GraphQL libraries and know how and when you should utilize them to your advantage. This includes things such as improved type-safety while building the GraphQL schema and operation logging, but you will also become familiar with upcoming GraphQL features, that are still in development and learn how you can use them today!
```
